Added CHANGELOG for v1.13.0 (#4306)
holoviz/holoviews: CHANGELOG.md

Version 1.13.0
==============

> This is a minor version release packed full of features and a general

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release is packed full of features and includes a general
```

(I think it's confusing to call this a minor release, even if that's what the version number says; really this is a major release.)

Reviewer 2: Applied suggestion in 7869f5632

refactoring of how HoloViews renders widgets now built on top
of the Panel library. Many thanks to the many contributors to this
release either directly by submitting PRs or by reporting issues and
making suggestions. Specifically we would like to thank @poplarShift,
@jonmease, @flothesof, @julioasotodv, @ltalirz, @DancingQuanta,
@ahuang, @kcpevey, @Jacob-Barkhak, @nluetts, @harmbuisman, @ceball,
@mgsnuno, @srp3003, @jsignell as well as the maintainers @jbednar,
@jlstevens and @philippjfr for contributing to this release.  This
version includes the addition of a large number of features,
enhancements and bug fixes:

Major features:

- Add `link_selection` to make linked brushing simple (#3951)
- Completely replaced custom Javascript widgets with Panel based
	widgets allowing for customizable layout (#84, #805)
- Add `HSpan`, `VSpan`, `Slope`, `Segments` and `Rectangles` elements (#
  3510, #3532, #4000)
- Add Annotators to allow easily drawing, editing and annotating visual
  elements (#1185)
- Add a `Dataset.transform` method to easily perform data transforms
  (#237, #3932)

> - Add support for cuDF GPU dataframes, cuPy backed xarrays and GPU

Reviewer: Is it important to enforce a line-length limit in this file?  I'd favor letting things wrap in an editor so that they are organized semantically (e.g. with the PR number on the same line as its description) with no concern for line length.

Reviewer 2: It is how we did things in this file in the past so I'm going to try to keep things consistent. I'll reformat again now I've turned the numbers into links.
